remove old versions from CONTRIBUTING.md (#15203)
arangodb/arangodb: CONTRIBUTING.md

`echo "sys.fs.suid_dumpable = 1" >> /etc/sysctl.d/99-suid-coredump.conf`

> **Please note that GDB 9 is required for ArangoDB 3.6 and later.**

Reviewer: #
```suggestion
**Please note that at least GDB 9 is required.**
```
